README.md, before:

This code was made to generate queues of jobs to be executed during an online experiment where I/O resource decisions will be taken. 

In the current state, the decisions are on the number of I/O nodes to be used by each application. We have a set of 7 applications (see application_encode.py) whose execution time was measured by Jean Bez in the Grid'5000 (Nancy site), and written to the results-runtime.csv file.

The code outputs an error message from numpy but it does not seem to affect the execution, so I did not further investigate it.

Parameters are given directly into the generate_queues.py file, which upon execution will generate an output file with one queue and its metrics per line. The queue is encoded with one letter per job. For details, see application_encode.py

In the while loop at the end of the generate_queues.py file, additional filters may be added to keep only queues that have some potential. 

There is no guarantee the code will always stop and find a solution, specially as we pile up filters and increase the number of generated queues (we might reach a situation where there are not enough possible queues). However, that is very unlikely.

Commit message:

working on collecting metrics from the simulation

README.md, after:

This code was made to generate queues of jobs to be executed during an online experiment where I/O resource decisions will be taken. 

In the current state, the decisions are on the number of I/O nodes to be used by each application. We have a set of applications (see application_encode.py) whose execution time was measured by Jean Bez in the Grid'5000 (Nancy site), and written to the results-runtime.csv file.

Parameters are given directly into the generate_queues.py file, which upon execution will generate an output file with one queue and its metrics per line. The queue is encoded with one letter per job. For details, see application_encode.py

In the while loop at the end of the generate_queues.py file, additional filters may be added to keep only queues that have some potential. 

There is no guarantee the code will always stop and find a solution, specially as we pile up filters and increase the number of generated queues (we might reach a situation where there are not enough possible queues). However, that is highly unlikely.

# How to add new applications

- The execution time of that application with different numbers of I/O nodes must be listed in the results-runtime.csv file

- The combination of application name, number of nodes and number of processes MUST uniquely identify that application (the whole code works on that assumption)

- Update application_encode.py to assign a letter to the new applications

- Make sure bandwidth.py is able to find the bandwidth for the new applications with different numbers of I/O nodes

# TO DO

- The function get_bandwidth in bandwidth.py
